docs(README): add a section on after packaging usage (#34)
bonitasoft/bonita-application-packager: README.md

```

## After packaging usage

### Tomcat bundle

The Tomcat output of the packager tool is like a usual Bonita Tomcat bundle. To use it, unzip it and execute `start-bonita[.sh|.bat]` script.

Read [Installation of Bonita Tomcat bundle](https://documentation.bonitasoft.com/bonita/latest/runtime/tomcat-bundle) for more information.

### Docker image

The Docker output of the packager tool is like a usual Bonita Docker image. To use it, run appropriate command:

**Community release:**

```shell
docker run --name my-bonita-app -d -p 8080:8080 <my-docker-image-app>
```

**Subscription release:**

```shell
docker run --name my-bonita-app -h <hostname> -v <license-folder>:/opt/bonita_lic/ -d -p 8080:8080 <my-docker-image-app>
```

Read [Deploy Bonita Runtime with Docker](https://documentation.bonitasoft.com/bonita/latest/runtime/bonita-docker-installation) for complete options on how to run a Bonita-based Docker container.

### Installation of Bonita Admin & User application pages

> [Bonita Admin Application](https://documentation.bonitasoft.com/bonita/latest/runtime/admin-application-overview) and [Bonita User Application](https://documentation.bonitasoft.com/bonita/latest/runtime/user-application-overview) are no longer provided after the packaging process. If your custom application is using pages from one of those applications, a property must be set in order to install those pages at Bonita Runtime startup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Bonita Admin Application](https://documentation.bonitasoft.com/bonita/latest/runtime/admin-application-overview) and [Bonita User Application](https://documentation.bonitasoft.com/bonita/latest/runtime/user-application-overview) are no longer installed after the packaging process. If your custom application is using pages from one of those applications, a property must be set in order to install those pages at Bonita Runtime startup:
```

Reviewer: List the concerned pages?

> * With a Tomcat bundle: set the Bonita runtime property `bonita.runtime.custom-application.install-provided-pages=true` in bundle configuration
> 
> * With a Docker container: set the environment variable `INSTALL_PROVIDED_PAGES=true` when running container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Within a Tomcat bundle: set the Bonita runtime property `-Dbonita.runtime.custom-application.install-provided-pages=true` in bundle configuration, in setEnv[.sh|.bat]

* Within a Docker container: set the environment variable `-e INSTALL_PROVIDED_PAGES=true` when running container
```
